Previously on Yellowjackets...
The People vs. Benjamin Scott,
on charges of arson
and multiple counts
of attempted murder.
Why did you leave us?
[Ben]
I was scared.
I left you and I shouldn't have.
And I am so fucking sorry.
But I didn't try to kill you.
Anyone who finds him guilty,
raise your fucking hand.
[Natalie] By majority decision,
we find you,
Coach Scott,
guilty of attempted murder.
You tell anybody about this,
I will fucking kill you.
Once again, your "friends"--
Stop air-quoting my friendships!
Get out, go.
[Jackie]
Someone's trying to hurt you
for what you did, Shauna.
- Brakes aren't working.
- Well, try harder.
- What is happening?
- [screaming]
[Shauna] I'm locked in the
freezer. Let me out.
Please, come in.
Take a load off.
You have to try this.
It's so good.
- Where did you get that?
- I gave it to her.
Get the fuck out of my house!
You're connecting with It,
that's what's important.
[Travis] Someone here
is already closer to It.
[Akilah]
We were searching Coach's cave,
and when I blacked out, I had
some kind of twisted dream.
♪ intense music ♪
♪
♪ ethereal, haunting music ♪
[door opens]
[door closes]
This who you were looking for?
[Misty]
Yes, this is her.
Did she have any, uh,
personal effects?
Yeah, but I'm really only
supposed to give those to...
next of kin. You know, family.
Well, she's a sister to me
in all the ways that matter.
Like, legally?
Well, what if her personal
effects were to go missing?
I hear that happens here
all the time.
Like, uh, with the Bellamy case
a year ago?
His family never got
his vintage watch,
but it made
a killing on eBay, huh?
I wouldn't know anything
about that.
Oh, Fred.
As a fellow citizen detective,
you should know that
I wouldn't even bring it up
if I didn't have
concrete evidence.
Fuck. Fine.
Just don't tell anyone.
Any of it.
[receding footsteps]
[door opens]
♪ inquisitive, eerie music ♪
♪
Ah. Thanks, Fred.
I owe you one.
Tai, Van...
Thank you all for coming.
There's really no easy way
to say this.
It's about Lottie.
She's dead.
What? No.
Oh, my God.
No, I... I just saw her
the other day.
Are you sure? I mean, she...
can't be, she's... Lottie.
It happened yesterday.
I confirmed it myself
at the morgue.
The coroner ruled it accidental.
They think she fell down
the stairs.
But...
it feels fishy.
- "Fishy"?
- Mm-hmm.
Where were you yesterday, Misty?
Excuse me?
Should be a pretty easy answer
if the truth's isn't
"pushing Lottie
down the stairs."
So you think
that I murdered Lottie
and then held a meeting here
to discuss it?
Something about that
does feel on-brand, but...
[Shauna]
Look, it's a good way
to make yourself
look less guilty.
It definitely doesn't mean
that you didn't do this.
I was at work that day,
and you know that
because you saw me there.
Yeah, and you left early
and no one knew where you went.
But not before putting me
on tapioca duty
where I happened to get locked
in a freezer and left for dead.
If anyone had reason
to be angry at Lottie, it's you.
[chuckles]
[Shauna]
None of that stuff with Natalie
wouldn't have happened
if it weren't for her.
I had nothing to do
with any of this.
And you are not my friends
if you think that I did.
I'm gonna find out
what happened to Lottie.
Not for you guys, for Lottie.
And for Natalie, because that's
what she would've done.
Real jerks.
Did Misty just storm out
of her own house?
Yeah.
Okay, yeah, you need to leave.
♪ "No Return" by Craig Wedren
and Anna Waronker ♪
♪ It was cool, nothing fire ♪
♪ Nothing broke ♪
♪ Keep simple ♪
♪ Nothing tired, nothing old ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ Oh, so cute, so revival ♪
♪ So alone ♪
♪ Birthday suit, just a smile ♪
♪ No one home ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪ No return, no return ♪
♪ No reason ♪
[duck quacking]
[birds calling]
- [gate creaks]
- [Akilah] It's okay.
[rain pattering]
[duck quacks]
[kid bleating]
Is, uh, is-is his mother
the one you found dead
yesterday?
Looks pretty young.
Probably hasn't even
been weaned yet.
It's gonna need special feeding.
My mom used to foster kittens.
She was good with animals, too.
[sighs]
Any idea what they're planning
to do with me?
I don't know anything.
[sighs]
♪ whimsical, eerie music ♪
♪
[inhales]
Hey, Fred, it's Misty.
Um, Charlotte Matthews'
cell phone
isn't in her bag
of personal effects.
It wasn't?
Okay. Uh, thanks.
There's got to be another way.
[Tai]
Nothing else makes sense.
We can't just keep him
in the animal pen forever.
Travis drew this
during the trial.
I think it might be
what It wants.
[Shauna] My God, even if
we keep talking around it,
he's still gonna die.
It'll just be of old age.
We found him guilty.
It's simple.
I say if Ben wanted
to play with fire, then...
we give him fire.
It's a fitting death.
You want to burn him
at the stake
like an old-timey witch?
That's not justice.
That's torture.
It's what he wanted for us.
Firing squad.
It'll be quick.
Humane.
Who's going to shoot him?
Nat, you're the best shot.
Maybe it should be you.
It'll be at close range.
Anyone can do it.
We'll do a draw.
Just like with everything else.
Whoever gets the--
King of Hearts.
That's the suicide king.
♪ uneasy music ♪
♪
[lawnmower whirring in distance]
[engine starts]
♪ tense, inquisitive music ♪
♪
[engine revs]
[tires squeal]
Really?
♪
What the fuck?
Fuck this.
[tires squeal]
[exhales sharply]
[panting]
Okay, what the f...
Hello, Shauna.
Walter?
It appears my cover is blown.
Yeah, you literally hit my car.
I admit, I was probably
too aggressive.
Tailing is a lesser-used skill
of mine.
Why are you doing it now?
I've appointed myself
chief citizen detective,
for the murder
of Lottie Matthews.
Hmm. That's... strange,
but nice of you to help,
I guess.
So then why were you
following me?
Oh. No.
You think that I killed Lottie?
[chuckles] Don't act
so surprised, Shauna.
May I remind you of the liberty
you took with another life?
One Adam Martin?
Logic follows
that a confirmed murderer
would likely murder again.
First of all,
that was not murder.
Per se.
Also, it's not like the tally
is exactly one/zero here.
You and Misty
both have a body count,
which is why
I was following her,
until you made me lose her.
Well, I have an idea
where she's going.
But this wasn't Misty's work.
Well, how do you know?
'Cause you killed Lottie?
You're very intuitive.
Oh, my God, okay,
so you're saying I'm right?
I'm not.
But you're asking
the right questions.
Maybe this presents
an interesting
symbiotic opportunity for us.
♪ sad, lilting music ♪
♪
All right, on the count
of three, look at your card
and then show it to the group.
One, two...
three.
♪
[Taissa groans]
Do you want to just order
a bunch of things
and split them?
Oh! I kind of want
to try everything.
[sighs]
Um...
Are you good?
[exhales]
It's just so weird
that she's gone.
After everything we...
got through,
everything she went through.
For her to just...
...die like that?
What sense does that make?
Nothing we've been
through makes sense.
Still.
It just seems...
wrong.
Thank you.
Where did you go?
When we were in the city.
What do you mean?
That hour,
before we met
in Columbus Circle.
It was, like,
a 15-minute train ride, tops.
Well, I had to scope it out.
Grab some cash.
Hire a horse and carriage,
have them ready.
And it's New York, you know.
It's chaos.
That was it?
What, do you think
I killed Lottie
and then ran over to meet you
at a pretzel cart?
[chuckles]
Seriously?
No, that's not what I'm saying.
Then what are you saying?
[phone buzzing]
Oh, fuck.
[sighs heavily]
Simone?
[exhales]
♪ somber music ♪
♪
[dog growling]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
[Misty sighs]
It's such a shock.
We've been dear friends
since high school.
It's hard to even say
out loud that Lottie's...
[sighs]
...gone.
Gone but not forgotten, dear.
Oh, never.
Did you happen
to see her yesterday?
Mike was on duty,
but he said she seemed normal.
Happy, even.
Thanks for nothing, Cliff.
You know
what tough days call for?
Lollipops.
I'd sneak them to Lottie
when she was a munchkin.
Lottie-pops, we called them.
Wait, you knew Lottie
when she was a kid?
Of course. The Matthews moved
into the penthouse in, oh,
'78, '79?
Lottie lived here
till the divorce.
After that, she went off
to Jersey with her mama.
Mr. Matthews lived
in the penthouse ever since.
A real Wall Street titan
in his time.
Now, with his health
and now this...
Did Lottie see her dad
the day she died?
I imagine so.
She's been living with him
for weeks.
♪ pulsing, dramatic music ♪
♪
Okay, good, good.
Hold it.
[gasps]
- Shit.
- You had it!
Whatever. It's a stupid tree.
It's not our coach.
[Van]
I think it looks just like him.
Okay, I'm sorry, I'm just
trying to get us through this.
Us?
- No, me.
- Trust me,
I wish I could've told you
to pick a different card.
What if I miss and, like...
blow his other leg off?
Well, then he'll really
want to die.
Oh, that's helpful. Thank you.
You're not gonna miss.
You'll be, like, five feet
away from him.
Front row seats to his death
isn't making me feel better.
He tried to murder us
in our sleep, Tai.
I guess.
You still think
he's guilty, right?
Yes.
But it's one thing
to say someone should die,
and it's another to, like...
...do it.
Maybe you won't have to.
I pulled the card, Van.
No, hear me out.
You remember
when you were sleepwalking,
and this other
side of you would sort of...
take over?
What if we...
get her...
to come out and shoot Ben?
Have you gotten
into the 'shrooms
- or something?
- No, I'm serious.
[sighs]
You know what it's like?
It's like on Family Matters
when Steve Urkel
turns into Stefan Urquelle.
What are you talking about?
You know what I'm talking about.
Urkel drinks the cool juice,
and then he transforms
into suave and sophisticated
Stefan.
It's still Steve...
...but just, like, a more
fearless version of himself.
So let me get this straight.
You're saying
the other Tai is cool.
And normal me is Steve Urkel.
Yeah.
[scoffs] Okay.
It's good to know.
- Thank you.
- But you know what I'm saying.
It can't hurt
to at least try and summon her.
[groans softly]
[knife scraping]
Hey.
Not really looking for company.
Okay. [chuckles]
Here.
Made this for you.
Why do you even like me?
You say that
like there's nothing to like.
And sure, I get it.
Jackie kind of treated you
like shit.
Jeff acted
like you were a dirty secret.
And you totally let them.
But now...
you've changed out here.
And I like
that you're not afraid
of the bad parts
of yourself anymore.
Thanks.
I actually needed one of these.
Dinner.
[chuckling]
[ducks quacking]
[Ben]
Holy shit. No...
no funky organ meat.
[laughs]
And some greens?
Well, what did I do
to deserve this?
[breathing shakily]
They're coming at dusk.
The firing squad.
[exhales]
[crying]
I'm...
so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I did everything that I could,
I really did.
It's okay, Misty.
I know you did.
Really.
[Misty chuckles, sniffles]
[Ben gasps]
[Misty crying]
[sniffles]
Wow, so this is it, huh?
Shot in the woods.
Remembered as some...
crazy, rogue monster
who burned down a cabin
to kill
a bunch of teenage girls.
Of course,
out in the real world,
I'll hardly be remembered
at all, so...
yeah.
No.
You were decent.
Kind.
You were my first boyfriend
and amputation.
[chuckles]
[crying]
And I'm really gonna miss you.
[sighs]
Goodbye, Ben.
Bye, Misty.
[Lottie]
Are you ready to go
back to the caves?
- Right now?
- I have this feeling
that we need to go,
that it's time.
That it has more to say to you.
You wanted to go to the caves.
You knew that it was right.
Don't doubt it now.
Okay?
I'll be right there with you.
Travis, too.
Okay. Let's do it.
[elevator doors open]
♪ mysterious music ♪
♪
[elevator doors close]
[doorbell rings]
Hi. Is Mr. Matthews at home?
He's resting.
[Mr. Matthews]
Who is it?
Are they here
for the meeting already?
No.
You're confused, sir.
I can answer my own door.
What do you want?
[Misty]
Hi, Mr. Matthews.
I'm Mary from the fifth floor.
I just heard about
your daughter's tragic passing,
and I wanted to offer
my condolences.
Here. It's chocolate rugelach.
I've never seen you before.
Oh, Marty, you're such a card.
Sure. Right.
Thank you.
Oh. I hate to bother you
with this.
I know it's not the best time,
but Lottie had mentioned
that a package was delivered
here for me by accident.
Would you mind if I came in
and took a look,
just see if it's here?
I've got a meeting soon,
and I'm kind of
in the middle of something.
It'll only take a second.
I-I wouldn't ask
if it wasn't important.
Fine. But be quick.
You said this would
only take a second.
Oh, I run warm.
[sighs]
It really is so sad.
Did you see Lottie yesterday?
- Who?
- Lottie.
Your daughter?
I know who my daughter is.
- Of course.
- Of course she was here.
I thought I saw her
in the lobby with someone.
Yeah. Probably one of those
cult nutsos.
Maybe one of those nutsos
pushed her down the stairs.
No. No.
This was an accident,
plain and simple.
And Artie down at the station
knows his foundation
won't see a dime
if he says otherwise.
[Walter]
Mr. Matthews, is this a Klimt?
It's exquisite.
I'm more
of a postmodern man myself,
but I've always admired
his work.
Oh. Hello.
- You?
- [Mr. Matthews] Did these guys
fix your Internet, too?
[Shauna]
Yeah.
Yeah, weren't you the one
with all those
- porn viruses?
- Mm.
[Nora]
Mr. Matthews, it's almost one.
- [phone ringing]
- Not now, Nora.
My meeting with Bear Stearns
is in an hour.
If this is Jimmy canceling,
I'm gonna kill him.
[Misty]
Of all the people in the world,
you chose Shauna
as your rebound?
- Oh... no.
- What? No, that's...
This is a strictly
professional relationship.
Right. Whatever it is,
it's disgusting.
You both need to leave.
We have just as much a right
to be here as you, neighbor.
Yeah, there's a new
sheriff citizen in town.
It's "citizen detective," idiot.
And this is my case.
Oh. I see you're trying to hack
Lottie's Internet history.
It figures
you'd take the easy route.
Well, we'll happily share
our findings with you
if you'd like to join forces,
Agent Grey.
I'd rather jump out the window.
Well, then let the best
citizen detective win.
[stifled laugh]
[scoffs]
[Taissa]
So, what's the plan?
[Van]
Uh, we could...
listen to the trees?
Genius.
[sighs]
Okay.
- Before...
- Mm-hmm.
...I would go to bed.
Then bam, I'm in the woods
following the dude with no eyes.
But you haven't
sleepwalked in months.
No.
[smacks lips]
You know what's also worked?
What?
Bow chicka wow wow.
[laughs]
[chuckles]
I'm the nerd?
Tell me this isn't
all just an excuse
- to get in my pants.
- Oh, it is.
Mm-hmm.
- Everything is.
- [chuckles]
♪ gentle, romantic music ♪
♪
Okay.
[Taissa gasps]
♪ intense music ♪
[panting]
Isn't this kind of dumb?
I mean, we're just getting high
off gas and seeing things.
Doesn't mean it's true.
I think the gas is a conduit.
Like the Oracle of Delphi.
The gas opened her up
to the truth,
like Travis and the mushrooms.
They allowed him
to hear and see things
that he wouldn't have
been open to otherwise.
You can do this, Akilah.
It will protect you.
I just need a minute.
[sighs]
[whispering]
You can do this.
[exhales]
- [Travis] Maybe we call it off.
- [Lottie] Why?
You saw her in your vision,
didn't you?
Yeah, yeah.
Then reassure her.
[whispers]
Here.
I get it's scary.
But I promise, I'll be there
the second you pass out.
[inhales sharply]
[ragged exhale]
Okay.
Travis, you're probably
the only person
that I can actually trust.
♪ eerie, ominous music ♪
♪
Yeah.
[Mr. Matthews]
Where are you going?
Oh. I still have to get
my package
- from Lottie's bedroom.
- Why the bedroom?
Well, I've looked everywhere
else, and it's not here--
- [Walter] Mr. Matthews!
- [Shauna] Where are you going?
Lottie's phone is on the Wi-Fi.
Uh, my partner and I need
to set up some network wiring
in those back rooms.
Could we please clear the area?
I'd hate to put this lovely lady
in danger.
[laughs softly]
I-I'll just be a sec.
You should come back
another time.
You know, when I had
Internet issues,
the tech told me
that nothing could be done
from inside the apartment.
Prewar concrete walls and all.
They had to run the wire
from the outside in.
Mm...
Sounds hollow to me.
Well, you heard her.
Get outside and run those wires.
On it.
♪ quirky, percussive music ♪
♪
[Simone]
Hey.
Simone.
Thank you for this.
Wasn't up to me.
He's been asking for you.
Go ahead.
[clears throat]
So you're her, huh?
Hmm.
- [sighs]
- [Taissa] Sammy.
[Steve whimpering]
Sam?
♪ slow, ominous music ♪
♪
To access Lottie's phone,
I have to tackle this firewall.
I have to say, I'm impressed.
He named it Theodosian.
[scoffs]
Cheeky, sir.
Uh, you see,
the Theodosian Walls are--
- I don't care.
- [door opens]
Someone's coming.
Howdy.
- [typing]
- [groans]
None of this is adding up.
I can show you
how I'm penetrating the system.
Ew, please don't use that word.
- [computer chimes]
- Why wouldn't Lottie come here,
to her dad's, after she was
released from psychiatric hold?
I mean, why come to my house
and lie and say
that she had nowhere else to go?
Maybe she needed a friend.
No, it...
...it's a lot more
complicated than that.
Is it?
I mean, you're either
a friend or you're not.
Like with Misty.
I would put you squarely
in the "not friend" category.
Y-You are literally sabotaging
her investigation.
If you think that this is
how you're gonna win her back,
then you have lost it
more than Mr. Matthews.
I know what makes her toes curl.
- [groans]
- And that is,
and has always been,
a challenge,
which is
what I'm now giving her.
Honestly, if it turns out
that you did kill Lottie
just to get Misty's toes off,
I would not be at all surprised.
Ew.
A proposal.
I will give you my hair
as DNA evidence
that I did not kill Lottie
if you will give me the same.
- No.
- If you're right,
and there is someone
after the Yellowjackets,
having your DNA
will make it easier
to identify your remains
and locate your killer.
I am not giving you my hair.
Then, are you hiding something?
[sighs]
Mutually assured destruction
can be devastatingly effective.
[gasps]
What the...?
[scoffs]
Oh, my God.
What is wrong with you?
[Walter]
Well, I...
♪ quirky music ♪
♪
Anything?
Where's... the... gun?
So I can blow my brains out
'cause this isn't working.
- You're such an asshole.
- [laughs]
Let's just...
let's just head back.
Okay.
- [thump]
- [animal squealing]
Aw, look.
The Wilderness
brought us dinner.
[Van] The other thing
we know the Wilderness wants.
Blood.
So, I just kill it?
Yeah, but...
try to be
present with it, right?
Like Lottie taught us.
[breathes deeply]
I see...
its fear.
I feel its breath.
♪ disorienting music ♪
[grunts]
♪
[inhales]
I smell its blood.
I feel its heartbeat slowing.
It's calmer now.
It's still me.
♪ eerie, ominous music ♪
Too tight?
No, no, it's fine.
How far in do I have to go?
Wherever you went to
the last time
you had the vision.
When the rope stops, we'll know
that's when to come get you.
It's okay. I got you.
[Lottie]
Come on, it's okay.
♪
Listen to
what's happening around you.
♪
[Travis]
This doesn't feel right.
The Wilderness
told you it was her.
Or don't you trust it?
I'm gonna go get her.
Wait.
♪
♪ intense, eerie music ♪
The rope stopped.
Akilah?
Akilah!
Akilah.
[Travis]
Come on.
Get the rope.
Come on. Come on.
[Travis grunting]
[groans]
Hey, hey.
Hey.
- [coughing] Holy shit.
- Are you okay?
Yeah.
Akilah?
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
Akilah, wake up.
Give her a second.
♪ inquisitive music ♪
♪
[panting]
[chimes]
[Walter]
Checkmate.
[chuckles]
Oh, don't worry,
I cloned her phone
before resetting it.
I'd be happy
to share its contents.
You just have
to ask me for them.
Why are you doing this?
[scoffs]
We're having fun, aren't we?
I can't believe I let
someone as despicable as you
give Caligula a bath.
See you around, Agent Grey.
You two deserve each other.
♪ discordant, dramatic music ♪
♪
[laughter]
It wants us to.
[indistinct whispering]
Lottie, I told you
to clean your room.
I know.
- I will.
- [Mr. Matthews] Too bad I'm not
one of those crazy voices
in your head.
Maybe you'd listen.
Yeah, okay.
I... I hate it
when you don't listen to me.
Look...
I'm sorry, all right?
I'm trying my best here, Lottie.
Are you?
[scoffs]
It's not easy.
You... any of this.
And it is for me?
I know.
I just...
I don't get it.
I wish I did.
But I don't.
Sometimes it's hard
to show love the way we want to.
Hey.
What if we get food
from that, uh,
Chinese place you like?
Maybe watch the new Scorsese?
Sure.
Hey.
Okay. Good.
I'll get the menu.
Okay.
♪ slow, haunting music ♪
[Taissa] What is it, Sammy?
What's wrong?
Are you not my mommy anymore?
[Taissa]
I'll always be your mommy,
no matter what.
Sammy.
[knocks]
[Van]
Hey.
Mm.
[sighs]
Sorry today didn't go
the way you wanted it to.
[sighs]
[laughs softly]
How would you feel
about a change of scenery?
I think I need
to leave this house.
Okay.
[laughs softly]
Bring her back to us,
bring her back to us,
bring her back to us, bring her
back to us, bring her back...
[inhales]
Bring her back to us,
bring her back to us,
bring her back to us.
I told you that this
was a fucking bad idea.
[Lottie panting]
Her eyes. Her eyes.
[gasps]
- [coughing]
- Hey, hey, it's okay,
- you're safe.
- Hey. Hey. Thank God.
It's okay, it's okay,
you're safe.
[panting]
I, I saw something.
I was on a cliff,
and I, I couldn't see
anything below me.
But then I saw something
in front of me.
So I stepped out,
and it was Coach Scott.
Or his-his body, I guess.
It was like
he was suspended in air,
but I could feel him breathing.
He kept me from falling
so that I could get
to the other side.
Could you see beyond him?
[Akilah]
It was just darkness.
But...
[car horn honks in distance]
How did you feel?
It was weird 'cause I-I thought
that I should feel scared,
but I didn't.
I just felt...
I felt hope.
[laughs softly]
♪ slow, eerie music ♪
♪
[Paul whispers]
Come home to me, Ben.
[gasps]
[panting]
Paul?
[Robin]
I'm sorry.
[panicked grunting]
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
[Ben groaning]
[Ben]
Fuck.
[panting]
♪ haunting music ♪
♪
[Natalie quavering]
[whispers]
Natalie.
You don't have to do this.
I'm sorry, Coach.
Hey, hey, you don't...
What the fuck
are you guys doing?
Y-You cannot possibly
want to do this.
You can't even look at me.
It's me.
It's Coach Scott.
Fuck, you know me.
Look where we are.
None of this
is who we are, okay?
Listen to me,
this is not who you are.
This is not who you are...
No, no!
Get the fuck away from me!
If you're gonna do this,
you are gonna look me
in the eye.
You don't deserve that.
[Ben]
My God.
Please. What kind of monsters
have you all become?
Fuck you!
You guys?
Hello?
Fuck.
Please.
[crying]
Okay.
Okay, please.
[crying]
Please.
Okay, okay.
Okay, please.
Tai?
It'll be all right.
[Travis]
Hey, hey, hey.
[overlapping shouting]
What the fuck, Lottie?
We can't kill him. Not yet.
[panting]
He has a purpose.
He has a purpose. Akilah saw it.
- He's, he's our bridge home.
- [girl] Home?
He's the bridge.
[gasping]
Y-You heard Lottie.
You can't hurt me.
You do it.
No, I-I can't.
You shouldn't be scared
of the bad parts of you, either.
♪ "Rid of Me" by PJ Harvey ♪
♪
♪ Lick my legs of desire ♪
♪ I'll tie your legs... ♪
[Ben]
What are you doing?
What the...
what the fuck are you doing?
No, you stay
the fuck away from me.
Fuck off.
[grunting]
♪ Oh, you're not rid of me... ♪
Fucking stop. No!
Help! God, no!
Melissa, please don't!
Help! Please, God, no.
Oh, my God.
Melissa, please, just...
[screaming]
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
- [Ben screaming in distance]
- ♪ I bet you ♪
- ♪ My darling ♪
- Fuck!
♪ Don't leave me... ♪
He won't be going anywhere.
You don't have to enjoy it
this much.
And you don't have to act
like such a fucking saint.
♪ Above everything... ♪
[Ben]
Fuck!
♪ Above every day ♪
♪ I'm gonna twist
your head off, see? ♪
♪ Till you say,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Don't you,
don't you wish you ♪
♪ Never, never met her? ♪
♪ Lick my legs, I'm on fire ♪
♪ Lick my legs of desire ♪